our projects typically last for at least
four to six months and some have lasted
12 months or even two years these
projects are for ambitious businesses
with challenging projects and we're
helping them deliver their typically
hard because they're looking for help
from a consultant company instead of
doing it themselves and typically we do
have some time pressure to deliver we
typically have a team working on a
project somewhere between three and six
and that includes both developers and
designers this dedicated team is
supported by our DevOps team for cloud
services CI CD security and testing
tools that dedicated team is also
supported by our biz dev team to ensure
that what we said in the sales process
is delivered in the implementation we
are quite careful on what we commit to
and the tech lead on the project has the
ability to manage scope and time and we
like to follow a lean and agile process
and that includes sprint planning
typically two-week sprints and we
require daily get pushes we use PRS we
want reviews we do a sprint retro and we
deliver the sprint and we repeat we
might use github tickets to manage but
we are more concerned with outcomes over
process all right some teams will use
JIRA some teams will use Trello but
these are all tools to help manage the
outcome of good code in a timely manner
with excellent communication to the
client when invariably things don't go
as expected